It is bed time for peppa and george
There is so much rain
That means there will be puddles to jump in tomorrow
You can never have too much rain!
It is morning.
Hurray! Muddy puddles!
Oh, hello Mrs duck, what are you doing here?
Wow!
The rain has made a flood.
Our house is a desert island.
Muddy puddles, here I come!
Wee!
Oh? Who put all these water here?
How will we get our food?
Daddy will have to swim to the shops.
Grandpa pig has arrived on his boat.
Ahoy there! Wonderful boating weather!
Eh, yes.
We are sailing to the shops.
Do you need anything?
Yes, please.
Can you get us some tomatoes and spaghetti?
Polly carrot copies everything that is said.
Polly can be our shopping list,
Who is a clever parrot.
Who is a very clever parrot.
Can we come, too, please?
Hop on board.
Look, there is Susie sheep's house
We are going to the shops,
Do you need anything?
Mummy, do we need anything from the shops?
Yes, we need food for dinner.
Chocolate, please!
Chocolate.
Hello danny!
Hello peppa, I am helping my granddad.
We are rescuing people.
Great weather for it!
Do you need anything from the shops?
Maybe a newspaper, and comic
Newspaper, comic.
Grandpa, what's that stick in the water?
Submarine.
Action stations!
Ahoy there, me hearties.
It's grampy rabbit in his submarine!
Lovely day to go sailing with just the sea and the sky,
The stories I could tell …
Do you need any shopping?
Oh, yes, cheese please!
Cheese.
Grandpa pig's boat has arrived at the supermarket.
Hello, it is very quiet today,
You are my first customers.
Maybe it's because of the flood
Silly, isn't it?
A little bit of rain, and everyone stays at home
What can I get you?
Polly has a list.
Who's a clever parrot.
Oh, dear/ Polly has forgotten the list.
Luckily, I remember what everyone wants.
Cheese!
Thank you, peppa. You are a good …
Newspaper and comic!
Thanks, peppa.
It was lucky peppa was going to the shops,
Or we'll have nothing for the dinner!
Here's your chocolates.
Now we can have our dinner, mummy!
Peppa and George have arrived back home.
It is dad bed time.
It is morning.
The water has gone, but left a big muddy peddle.
Muddy peddle!
This is the biggest muddy puddle in the world ever!